c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.dll.config
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.pdb
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.dll
c:\Users\desarrollador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.pdb
C:\Users\desarrollador\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\desarrollador\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\desarrollador\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\desarrollador\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.dll.config
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\SSoap.pdb
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.ProjectServer.Client.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.Windows.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.dll
C:\Users\ausdr\Documents\Project\PREBEL\Factura\SevSoap\SSoap\obj\Release\SSoap.pdb
